{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Gap Cat Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \
This privacy policy governs your use of a software application (\'93Gap Cat\'94) on a\
mobile device that was created by Shallot Games. \
\

\b What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?\

\b0 \
User Provided Information \'96 The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application.  Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.\
\
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your email address, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information. We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.\
\
Automatically Collected Information - In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. See \'93Automatic Data Collection and Advertising\'94 section for examples. This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. \
\

\b Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the\
Application?\

\b0 \
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are\
described in this privacy statement.\
\
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360
\cf0 -as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;\
-when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;\
-with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.\
-if Shallot Games is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information; \
-to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \

\b Automatic Data Collection and Advertising\

\b0 \
This Application is supported via advertising, and collects data to help the Application serve ads. We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low [or free]\cf2 .\cf0  These third parties may also obtain information about other applications you\'92ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. If you\'92d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled \'93Opt-out\'94 below.\
\

\b What are my opt-out rights?\

\b0 \
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application \'96 You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.\
\

\b Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information\

\b0 \
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly, and we may be required to retain certain information by law.\
\

\b \
\
\
\
Children\

\b0 \
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at shallotgames@gmail.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time. \
\

\b Security\

\b0 \
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.\
\

\b Changes\

\b0 \
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here shallotgames.com. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.\
\

\b Your Consent\

\b0 \
By using the Services, you are consenting to our processing of User Provided and Automatically Collection information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,\'94 means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S. your information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the US.\
\
Contact us \'96 If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at shallotgames@gmail.com.\
}